[Logan] Previously
on Motorheads...
- [Zac] Is this thing fast?
- Guess you're about to find out.
Give him the keys.
Now you owe me a car.
[Samantha] I was just
gonna ask about Curtis.
[Caitlyn] I told him that
we should just be friends.
There's been some confusion today
and they have the rights to the name.
I can't use my name?
That's my name!
[grunts]
[sirens wailing]
[dogs barking]
[both panting]
- [groaning] Hugo! I can't.
- [helicopter whirring]
Ezra! We gotta keep
going or we're done.
- Come on. Come on!
- [groaning] I'm done. I'm done. I'm done.
Oh. he got you.
Hey. man. [stammers]
What do you need?
How about a do-over? You got
any of those lying around?
- [Hugo pants]
- [dogs barking]
[wailing continues]
What do you figure your
little boy's doing right now?
[panting] Ray?
I... [chuckles] I don't-I
don't... I don't know. man. Why?
- [engines revving]
- [spectators cheering]
- Sup. groupie.
- What?
Well. you just come
to watch. right?
It's too bad you just
missed the main event.
Get off the car.
Yo. Ray.
You're late.
When am I gonna
get another shot?
You're not ready. You're
definitely not ready for that kid.
You should've seen his race.
It was over before it started.
How am I gonna be ready for him
if I'm only racing against
your stopwatch every night?
Everybody's racing a
stopwatch. All right?
All that matters is how fast
you get to the finish line.
Losers they just... they
get there a little slower.
I just want some
real competition.
And you'll get it. When
you're not so careful.
Look. you need to
embrace the danger.
You see that chick?
[engine revving]
That chick's dangerous.
That Bowers shithead?
He's dangerous too.
You're safe.
I can be dangerous.
Fine. I'll set it
up for tomorrow.
You already lost me one car.
That can't happen again.
[beeps]
Would you stop hovering?
I'm just observing.
- [Curtis] No. you're being judgmental.
- I'm just seeing how it's going.
- P016 error!
- [Caitlyn] What's that?
I... You tell me. Uh.
this was your idea.
Well. where's the manual?
It's in the trash.
That's helpful.
Well. it's worthless anyway.
I-I looked up P016 in the manual
and it said I need to
replace the timing belt.
But guess what I
did this morning?
You replaced the timing belt.
Was the crankshaft
rotated to TDC?
It's all lined up.
Yet. P016!
I'm gonna send all
this stuff back.
I can't believe I sold
my Mustang for this crap.
Just give me a second.
I'm trying to get coffee
grounds out of the manual.
[beeps]
Oh. come on. How did you...
You just have to recalibrate the system
every time you hook it up to a new car.
But look at that.
Once you do. you'll get
real-time data from the car
without you having to pop the
hood and getting your hands dirty.
That's always my favorite part.
I know. Me too.
But this is good.
I know. [sighs]
I'm sorry you had to sell your Mustang.
I know it meant everything to you.
Not everything.
Wrap it up. dude. okay?
We got school in 15 minutes and you
are still wearing your work shirt.
- Well. maybe if you help.
- Hey. you're the silverware guy.
Look at this fork sparkle.
- Uh-huh. Employee of the month.
- [chuckles]
Hey. did they find
out what happened yet?
Oh. [sighs] It was
a bottle of whiskey.
But my dad said the cops
have a video from outside.
so hopefully they'll catch
the loser who did it.
Yeah.
- [Brooke] Seriously. chop. chop.
- Okay. well I gotta get it spark...
Got a minute to talk. Marcel?
Uh. about what?
Your dad.
[yawns. sighs]
- Wow. late night or early morning?
- [chuckles]
Is. uh... is both an answer?
Anything fun?
Not for me.
Are you gonna be at White
Knuckle Run this weekend?
White Knuckle what?
Oh. it's a... [chuckles]
...motocross event in West Newton.
- It's exactly what it sounds like.
- [chuckles]
Harris is racing his ATV.
Good for him.
You should come.
Got my own race this
weekend. [sighs]
Oh. you're... you're
racing this weekend?
Well. uh. no. no. it's not like
a... It's not like a real race.
It's like a online
video game race.
But-But it's a big deal.
Yeah. that sounds...
that sounds cool.
Yeah. it's kind of like
a... a must-win situation.
But I got it. I'm sure
I'm fine. [chuckles]
- [chuckles]
- Yeah.
[school bell rings]
All right. well. good
luck at your race thing.
- Thanks. [chuckles] Bye.
- Mmm. [chuckles] Bye.
- Shippensburg?
- Yeah. where is that?
It's three hours away.
It's a college town.
- My mom lives there with her boyfriend.
- Well. is he cool?
I've... I've never met him.
but his name's Zeke.
and he drives a big rig.
so depends on what
you think is cool.
- Truck driver named Zeke's pretty cool.
- How long are you gonna be gone for?
Uh. three months. at least.
That's not so bad. We'll
come see you every weekend.
It'll go by fast.
Your dad's car is gonna
be done before then.
I'm gonna miss everything.
No. no. no. we'll wait
for you to turn the key.
[sighs] Still can't believe
my dad broke that window.
It's so embarrassing. man. Brooke
and her parents probably hate me.
No. No. they don't. I
talked to her earlier.
When?
Before school.
- Oh.
- [Curtis] They don't blame you.
[door opens]
- Yo. [clears throat]
- [Curtis] Hey.
Got the group text.
[sighs] What's going on?
- There's a group text?
- Yeah. you're on it.
- No.
- I wonder who we've been texting with.
- Not me.
- [Zac] All right. guys.
Seriously... [chuckles]
...what's going on?
Marcel has to go live with
his mom for three months.
What? Why?
Uh. my dad got drunk
and smashed that window.
Ninety days?
At least. I leave Sunday.
Well. let's forget about
the 90 days of it all.
We have tomorrow. Let's
go do something memorable.
You should take him
to White Knuckle Run.
[Caitlyn] What's that?
It's a motocross event in West Newton.
It's exactly what it sounds like.
- How do you know what that is?
- How do you not know?
- That's actually a great idea.
- Thanks.
Ray used to take me every
year. It's pretty crazy.
I-I've always wanted to go. I've
just never had anybody to go with.
Now you do.
Okay. well. you guys will
have to send me some videos.
- Wait. wait. you're not coming?
- [Brooke] Um...
Yeah. you have to
come. It was your idea.
I mean. if it... if it's cool.
- It's cool.
- [Marcel] Definitely cool.
Yeah. cool. Um. Zac?
Tomorrow I can't.
dude. I'm-I'm so sorry.
What could you
possibly be doing?
Uh. I have. like. this-this
online video game race...
Nope. don't even.
I will cut your PlayStation
in half with a table saw.
Marcel is our friend. and
we're gonna be there for him.
[clanging]
[Zac] Yo. Ray.
[grunts] Over here.
So. uh. the guy you're racing
tomorrow. he's won more than he's lost.
I mean. he's nothing
special. but his car is.
Made a few changes.
Check it out.
Installed a bigger turbo that'll
add more horsepower plus it just...
Well. it just sounds angry.
But it'll still be on you.
We haven't gone over nitrous yet. I'm
hoping he underestimates this thing.
and by the time he realizes
it's a sleeper car. be too late.
Yeah.
I'm gonna need this sleeper to
sleep... [stammers] ...a little longer.
- Just a nap. [chuckles]
- [scoffs]
And what's that mean?
I can't race tomorrow.
You asked me to set
it up and I did.
- I know. but I-I have a friend thing...
- A... A f... A friend thing?
Yeah. my buddy. Marcel. he has
to move away for three months.
I don't care.
I care.
Look. I've been working
on this thing all day.
Okay? I'm trying to
make you a winner.
I know. I know. okay? And
I-I-I appreciate that.
Get out of my garage.
Waste of my time.
Zac!
Don't forget you owe me a car.
[crowd cheering]
[Marcel] Whoa. Solid hang time!
I can do that.
- [chuckles] Yeah. right.
- No way.
- Cate. tell 'em.
- What am I. your PR rep? [chuckles]
Zac raced ATVs for a couple
summers. but he's exaggerating.
He just lost all his momentum.
- Wait. why'd he slow down?
- Yeah. that turn's killer.
[announcer] Collins finishes with a
time of two minutes and seven seconds.
currently sitting
in sixth place.
Sixth place? Guess we missed
the best runs of the day.
Nah. that time won't hold. Somebody
always goes under two minutes.
Wait. but it's... it's just
one on the track at a time?
Is it like a practice run?
They race against
the clock here.
Uh. they used to
run two at a time.
but that last turn's so stupid that
everyone always got tangled up.
- [Brooke] Mmm.
- So now it's a time trial event.
So everyone's racing
against a stopwatch.
Losers just get to the
finish line a little slower.
[sighs]
- Morning. [sighs]
- Morning.
What's up with
the old lunch box?
- Vintage.
- Oh.
And it was my grandpa's from
back in his Kaminsky Tire days.
- I'm gonna take a little drive.
- Want some company?
Not sure how long I'll be gone.
Where you headed?
About three hours
east. Shippensburg.
Logan.
I just wanna see who Marcel's
gonna be living with.
- His mom.
- And her boyfriend.
Not our business.
A long-haul trucker named Zeke.
[scoffs] Really?
Still... [sighs]
...it's his mom.
Who abandoned him.
[scoffs] I'm not asking
your permission. I'm going.
Okay.
But I'm coming with you.
I'm a mom. so I can relate.
[chuckles] This should be fun.
- What's that supposed to mean?
- You'll see.
[sniffs. sighs]
Got a minute?
Is it Christmas or my birthday?
We gotta do this every time?
Working on this new trick shot.
Listen. I don't
have time for this.
Yeah. well. you just
walked in here on my time.
so you can either watch
the shot or leave.
How about this? If I make it. you
buy me a beer. and if I miss...
You answer some questions.
Ah. Official police business.
That's right.
I actually prefer
you as the sheriff.
Yeah. You were never
really good at playing dad.
My turn. Eighteen
cars. two weeks.
You think I stole 18 cars? Look.
I'm good. I'm not Nic Cage.
Not cars. Wheels.
Oh. this is about
jacking wheels?
Ah. maybe when I was 15.
- Maybe it was one of your guys.
- Ah. wasn't them.
Who's doing it then?
Well. that's your job.
Sheriff. not mine.
Ain't this your town?
Or are you still running
a small-time operation?
I thought you'd be interested that
someone's taking over your turf.
I know what you're trying to do.
You're trying to get me all competitive
over a few rinky-dink wheel jackers.
It's not gonna work.
I think it worked.
[Ray] Hey. Pop.
If I'd have made that shot. would
you have had a beer with me?
Yeah.
So your sign just
says. "Hoagies Beans."
Is it. like. hoagies and beans
or is it like a... like a
bean-hoagie thing or is it...
- Hi.
- Hey.
- Close your eyes.
- [stammers] Why?
I wanna give you something and
I wanna do it in a dramatic way.
so can you just close your eyes?
- Yep.
- Thank you.
Okay. you can open 'em.
- Wait. you're giving me your drone?
- I'm lending. Just for the day.
- Thought you said never to touch it.
- Well. I'm making an exception.
[chuckles] Well...
You-You gonna let go?
Just please. please. please
be very. very careful.
- Yeah. of course. Yeah.
- [mouthing] Okay.
Wow. I mean. I just
gotta... [chuckles] Okay.
Heaven help me.
[crowd cheering]
[drone whirring]
- Okay.
- [stammers] You're doing great.
Brooke is cool.
Yeah.
Think she likes Curtis.
Let's just watch the races.
[Zac] I wish I was out there.
Yeah. you'd be good at it.
Where was that comment ten minutes
ago when I asked you to back me up?
Um. because I said
I'm not your PR rep.
[clicks tongue]
Sup. groupie.
[Zac clears throat]
"Groupie"?
- Is that what she called me?
- Do you know her?
I've-I've seen her around.
Well. yeah. so have I. but she
doesn't have a nickname for me.
What's up. Zac?
[drone whirring]
[Marcel] Whoa. Whoa. whoa.
[stammers] Sorry! I'm still
getting the hang of it.
Dude. Come on.
- [Zac sighs]
- [Caitlyn] Jesus.
Was that for you?
Seen her around. huh?
[horn blows]
She's good.
She's dangerous.
[announcer] Martinez with
a flawless run so far!
- Just the final turn to go!
- Okay. here comes the momentum killer.
- First one under two minutes.
- Told you.
It's gonna be tough to beat.
He's gonna beat it.
Sup. groupie.
[Sam] So you'll let me
do the talking. yeah?
When did I agree to that?
Just saying.
you get more bees with honey
than you do with vinegar.
Are you seriously coming
at me with an old proverb?
You tend to get confrontational
when you don't like someone.
Okay. I've known Cheri a
long time. Don't dislike her.
What's she like?
[stammers] She wasn't
the warmest neighbor.
She was always
disappointed in Marcel.
Think she booed him during
his first-grade play.
No. She didn't.
Can't prove it.
[Sam sighs]
Look. the old speedway.
More of a rent-a-track
operation these days.
Haven't had an official
race there in years.
God. remember Christian's
first semi-pro race?
I think he made every driver
on that track change careers.
[chuckles]
That was the day I knew we
were getting outta Ironwood.
and we were gonna take over
the racing world. [sighs]
Just me and my little bro.
Man. he would've been the best
to ever do it. No doubt about it.
And a good father too.
You don't really believe that.
I think he would've
surprised us both.
[announcer speaks indistinctly]
...launches into the final turn.
He'll be tough to beat.
Wow. you're really
getting the hang of it.
- Don't act so surprised.
- But I am surprised.
You don't have a filter do you?
Not really. It's
kind of a problem.
No. it's... it's
refreshing actually.
[Brooke chuckles]
So if-if I asked you if your
parents hated me. you'd be honest?
Dude. come on.
Your dad throwing a bottle through
our window is not your fault.
And my parents totally
get it. I mean...
Especially 'cause we have a
history of alcoholism in my family.
So. you know. if you ever see
me not drinking at a party.
that's why. [chuckles]
Well. I don't usually
get invited to parties.
Well. I've done the math.
and I've been invited
to 22% of the parties.
One outta five ain't bad.
- Mm-hmm. Yeah.
- I'd-I'd-I'd take that. Yeah.
Wow. great view from here.
I know. Marcel's
becoming a drone expert.
- [chuckling]
- I'm not sure about that.
Have you guys seen
Zac or Curtis?
No.
You want me to scan
for them on this thing?
Feels a little
"stalker-y." but sure.
So you guys are. like.
Curtis's best friends.
Do you know if he likes anyone?
Uh. Caitlyn would know
better than me. So...
Um...
We mostly talk about. like. cars
and engines and stuff. but. um...
I-I guess I haven't
seen him with anyone.
Okay. good to know.
'Cause if it wasn't obvious. I
kinda. sorta like him. [chuckles]
- It's obvious.
- [chuckles] Super obvious. Brooke.
Oh. okay. Well I'm gonna go get some
food. Do you guys want anything?
- Um. no. I'm-I'm good.
- We're good. Yeah.
- Cool.
- [Marcel] Thanks.
Thanks for putting
me on the spot.
I would've really put you on the spot
if I told her who he really likes.
- [Alicia] Surprised to see you here.
- [chuckles]
You seemed pretty nervous
about that online race.
Uh. yeah. my Internet went out.
- Really?
- No. [chuckles]
- I just... I just didn't wanna miss this.
- Oh. [chuckles]
- Well. I'm glad you're here.
- You are?
- Yeah. [chuckles]
- [chuckles]
Yeah. maybe next year I'll
actually be on the track.
Have you been on one
of these tracks before?
Yeah.
[chuckles] Wait. so you've done. like.
one of those big jumps over there?
Yeah. I mean. it's-it's been a
while. but I'm not scared of it.
- Well. now I kinda wish you were racing.
- [chuckles]
Your boyfriend's
gonna win anyways.
Can you keep a secret?
Yeah.
Kinda hope he loses this year.
- Me too. But he won't.
- Hmm.
- [Ryan] Nice bike.
- Yeah.
Best money can buy. huh?
That's getting old.
It's just an observation.
Look. if you came in here
trying to psych me out.
you're gonna be disappointed.
And why would I do that?
[Harris] Saw your name was
temporarily on top of the leaderboard.
- Temporarily?
- Mmm. Few more minutes.
I posted a solid time.
- [Harris] Yeah?
- Mm-hmm.
- Sorry.
- Why?
- 1:58. right?
- Yeah.
- It's not good enough.
- Hmm.
[Caitlyn] Oh. my God. Okay.
- Whoa. you-you can't... you can't...
- Uh...
If-If you crash this thing.
I'm getting blamed so...
Okay. yeah. you should
just take it back. please.
Um...
Huh. How'd you figure
it out so fast?
I'm not that good at it.
You could get better
at taking compliments.
I haven't had much practice.
My dad's not exactly
a confidence booster.
What about your mom?
What's she like?
The same. She likes yellow.
Like the color or the
Coldplay song? [chuckling]
- The color. Maybe the song too.
- [chuckles]
But yeah. she made everything yellow.
Curtains. bedspreads. the car was yellow.
We even had a yellow toaster but she
took that with her when she left.
Is that why your
front door is yellow?
She couldn't take that with her.
But now every time I come home that
door reminds me she's not there.
Sorry.
I found Curtis.
[Caitlyn] Oh. he's with Brooke.
I thought she was getting food.
Oh. suddenly he's a comedian?
He's funny sometimes.
Guess I haven't
heard his stand-up.
[Caitlyn scoffs]
Okay. he's not that funny.
Maybe we should give
'em some privacy.
Yeah. I'm gonna...
take a walk.
You guys hear anything about
a crew jacking wheels in town?
Wheels?
No. why?
'Cause. Mikey. I wanna
know who's doing it.
Who cares?
Eighteen cars in two weeks.
Still not worth our time.
You hiding something. Vic?
- What?
- I don't know. you seem a little. uh...
[clicks tongue]
...a little nervous.
Yeah. I am nervous.
Why?
'Cause you're acting
like I did this.
Who put that in your head?
Stay away from the nachos.
I was about to order those.
No. the cheese sauce
gets cold and congeals.
You don't want it.
Ew.
Thanks for the tip.
Where you been?
Around.
How were the Poconos?
Woodsy.
Heard it's romantic
there. [chuckles]
Depends on who you're with.
So it wasn't romantic?
Noah's not that bad.
I just don't see it.
No offense.
He has a softer side
that nobody gets to see.
You kinda saw it for a second.
I did?
- When?
- At lunch.
When you. like. schooled
him on his engine.
He was really impressed.
Until he saw that I
was more impressed.
You were?
Yeah. I guess he felt
threatened by you.
I'm really sorry
about what he said.
I should've defended you.
But. um. Curtis
really scared him.
What do you mean?
Curtis threatened
him that night.
He said to stay away from you.
I think it's good that
someone got to him. but
just know that Curtis
has a scary side.
I didn't know.
You're up.
Um. I'll just do the.
uh. chicken sandwich.
I'll get the nachos.
I'll eat 'em quick.
I want one.
[announcer] Uh. there's a
little trouble on the turn.
Groupie!
- Can you stop calling me that?
- When you stop acting like one.
I was supposed to race today.
On this track?
[sighs]
No. a street race.
Back in Ironwood.
So why are you here?
I had... I have a friend
thing. It doesn't matter.
Wait so. you spend all of
your time watching races.
and then you finally get a race.
and then you blow it off so you
can come here and watch more races?
Oh. my God. I am a groupie.
Relax.
That's just a nickname.
- How do I get rid of it?
- Race.
It's not that complicated.
It's just...
[sighs] I have a lot
of pressure on me.
Because of who your dad is?
Everybody knows. dude.
Yeah. I mean...
He never lost a race.
Not once.
And I've lost my only
two races. [laughs]
What are you worried about?
He was better than you.
From what I hear. he was
better than everyone.
And you don't have to live
up to that expectation.
Just get outta
that guy's shadow.
I know what it's like.
- Really?
- Yeah.
My dad's not Christian Maddox. but
I grew up without him. like you.
And there's no one I wanna be more
like and less like than my dad. so...
Yeah. That's a
good way to put it.
The only way to win
is to risk losing.
You need that advice.
Yeah.
[crowd cheering. applauding]
- [crowd] Oh!
- [announcer] It takes another victim.
Coming up next is Bowers.
Yo. dude. watch yourself at
that last turn. man. It's nuts.
Thank you for that. uh. insight.
Yeah. Just looking out for you.
- Well. go away now.
- All right.
Check out his ride.
He's got the nicest bike here.
- Let's go. bro! Yeah!
- Whoo!
[cheering]
- Bowers with the best split of the day.
- Damn.
[cheering]
He's got it.
Go.
[announcer] And our new leader with
a minute. 56 seconds. Harris Bowers.
- Yes! Let's go.
- [cheering]
Come on. Let's go.
[cheers]
- Hi.
- [Alicia chuckles]
That was close.
[scoffs] Two
seconds ain't close.
[sighs]
He was showboating.
So?
He left some time on the track.
He's beatable.
Yeah. well. I'm not
sticking around to find out.
I was kinda hoping you would.
Why?
I need to borrow your ride.
Zac. what are you doing?
You don't want to
lose to Harris.
Only way to win
is to risk losing.
You don't know this
track. It's dangerous.
I've been on crazier tracks.
You either help me
or get out of my way.
Okay.
Well. you can't wear that.
Don't worry. I'll
get you some gear.
I got your message. What's up?
Take a seat. Pop.
I'll stand.
All right.
What's this?
The crew that's been jacking them
wheels. They're small-time punks.
I can take care of it?
- Send them a message.
- No.
No. I. uh...
I got this. I got it.
Do you. uh. wanna
have that beer?
Not today. Ray.
Right.
Practicing that trick shot
if you change your mind.
Does she know we're coming?
I left a message.
- Logan.
- Cheri.
It's been a while.
- Where's Marcel?
- He'll be here tomorrow.
Who's she? Child services?
When do I get my check?
- Check?
- From the state.
I hear you get. like. 500
bucks to foster a kid.
He's your son. Not a foster kid.
I got bills.
Are you saying I get nothing?
You get Marcel for three months.
Three months? I thought you said the kid
was sticking around for a couple weeks.
We're hitting the
road in a month.
Hitting the road?
Zeke's a long-haul trucker.
He's got his routes.
I'm riding shotgun.
What about Marcel?
There's room in the truck.
He needs school.
I was homeschooled.
- That's comforting.
- He'll be fine.
If there's nothing else.
I'm gonna go call the state.
See about them checks.
[scoffs]
Okay. Then let's go.
Do you even want him?
Okay. Top speed maxes
out pretty quickly.
so you're gonna need to find the
balance between pressure and pace.
Actually. I adjusted the limiter on it
so there's a little something extra.
Hey. look. All right.
Go easy out the gate.
Just get a feel for the track.
then you can pick it up.
We're gonna be with you
every step of the way.
- All right?
- Okay.
- Hello?
- [Caitlyn] Hey. little brother.
We're the same age.
Yeah. but I came out first.
Ew.
Anyway. we got your back on the sideline.
Marcel has eyes in the sky. okay?
Since you don't know this track.
we're gonna be your pit crew.
So. uh. you better have
some really good reflexes.
There's a few crazy
turns and jumps
so you're really gonna have to trust me
if you want to beat Harris's time. okay?
All right.
- [crowd cheering]
- [engine revving]
- [revving continues]
- [horn blows]
[Caitlyn] Okay. you're
coming up on that first turn.
Oh. easy one. Just
stay on the inside.
- Oh. he really has done this before.
- Yeah.
Wow.
Bro. he just beat your split.
Okay.
[cheering]
Okay. you're coming up on that final turn.
Just ease off the throttle right now.
You can make up time on
the final stretch. okay?
[Zac] Gotta embrace the danger.
What?
Zac. Zac. Zac. Zac. I said
slow down. not speed up.
Oh. he's gonna flip.
- Yeah!
- [cheering]
- Whoo!
What was that? Come on!
- No way.
- Dude.
[announcer] We have a
new leader. Zac Torres.
Go. Zac! [laughs]
Whoo!
- Great. dude. Epic.
- [laughs]
Wow.
- Hey. what the hell was that?
- [chuckles]
- That was me being dangerous.
- Yeah. no shit. You scared me.
You can't be reckless
like that when you race.
If that was Dad's car.
you would've flipped it.
I won. I'm done playing it safe.
I gotta embrace the danger.
[chuckles]
"Embrace the danger." Yeah.
where'd he get that from?
Yeah. Ray always says that. It's
like his philosophy for everything.
Zac was training with Ray.
What? Since when?
I would've told you but it was
over as soon as it started.
He lost a race so
Ray dumped him.
Does Zac owe Ray a car?
No. he said it
wasn't a big deal.
I guess that it's over now.
You sure about that?
[no audible dialogue]
- Oh. Oh. Oh. it's...
- Neck and neck.
- Aw.
- Go get it. Get it. get it.
[Curtis] Sleeper car?
Yeah. It's some of
my best work yet.
[exhales sharply]
"Embrace the danger"?
Yeah. that's what Zac was saying
after he took White Knuckle Run.
He won?
Why are you doing this. Ray?
He needed a mentor.
- It sounds like it's working.
- No. no.
It sounds like you're filling his head
with ideas that are gonna get him hurt.
I see something special in him.
No. you just like
who his dad is.
Maybe at first. yeah.
But he might have it.
You saw that today. didn't you?
What's your big plan here?
Depends on how
good he really is.
[sighs]
So. you ever. you know.
planning on putting that down?
It's my first trophy.
dude. Relax. [chuckles]
- Guys. this day has meant the world to me...
- Don't. don't. don't. don't. don't. don't.
What?
You're gearing up for this
big. emotional goodbye.
We're gonna come see you.
like. every other weekend.
And we're gonna text you.
Every single day. Okay?
Yeah. so could you please
- add me to that group chat?
- [door closes]
Yeah. I still have to figure
out who the mystery number is.
- Guess I'll see you...
- Hey. Marcel.
- I got a call for you.
- Oh.
Hello?
Hi. I was just about to go pack.
- Who's that?
- His mom.
Is everything okay?
I hope so.
Really?
Oh. O-Okay.
Bye...
Um. that was my mom.
I don't have to move
to Shippensburg.
She's gonna be on the
road with her boyfriend
and said I could stay here
with you. If that's okay?
Dude. yeah. of course.
That's... that's like
the best news ever.
She said you both
came to see her today?
Yeah.
Did she not want me there?
Of course she wanted you. man.
She just didn't want you to miss
school or be away from your friends.
She loves you.
Well. I'll go pack some
things and come right back.
This is gonna be great.
She didn't want him. did she?
We do.
Yeah.
[rock music playing]
[Ezra] What do you figure your
little boy's doing right now?
- [breathing heavily]
- [sirens wailing]
Ray?
I don't... I don't
know. man. Why?
- All I can think about is my kid.
- Okay. listen.
If you try to run in that.
you're gonna bleed out. okay?
There's only one way you
get out of this alive.
- You need a hospital.
- [helicopter approaching]
And what do I get?
Other than a couple
decades behind bars?
What do I get for
keeping my mouth shut?
You've been busy lately.
Gonna arrest me. Sheriff?
I just need you to
stop this shit. Ryan.
Or at least take it
back to the city.
Okay.
Yeah.
[Ryan chuckles]
You must really owe
my dad big-time.
Always looking out for me.
Maybe someday.
I'll find out why.
Got the group text. What's up?
I'm still not on that.
I added you.
No.
Marcel's got some big news.
I'm staying.
I get to move in here until
my dad's ready to come home.
That's the best news ever.
[Marcel] Yeah.
What are you doing here?
Maybe he's the mystery
number on the group text?
You know what? This
place is. uh...
It's worse than I imagined. I mean.
where's the stack of unpaid bills?
You didn't really win today.
Somebody's not used to losing.
No. I only went as fast as I
needed to to get that top time.
Everyone's racing against the stopwatch.
Losers just get there a little slower.
Well. that was on a dirt track.
- You're still a groupie on the street.
- [Zac chuckles]
We'll see.
That's why I'm here.
Our car isn't ready. And I'm
not racing you in anything else.
- How long do you need?
- A few months at least.
You can have three years.
I mean. look at that...
- Three weeks.
Okay.
See you then. squad.
- We need three months minimum.
- Well. we have three weeks.
It's impossible.
Since I'm staying.
you got me to help.
Anything you need.
Let's just go and
get some sleep.
We'll talk about this tomorrow.
Where are you going?
Everybody's tired. Caitlyn.
You can sleep in three weeks.
Let's get to work.